Add doc for Recovery from expansion failure (#30552)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates.md

| `ProxyTerminatingEndpoints` | `false` | Alpha | 1.22 | |
| `QOSReserved` | `false` | Alpha | 1.11 | |
| `ReadWriteOncePod` | `false` | Alpha | 1.22 | |

> | `RecoverVolumeExpansionFailure` | `false` | Alpha | 1.23 | |

Reviewer: In addition to this, we expect a brief introduction (possibly with a link to details) added at the end of this page.

Author: added more details.

Reviewer 2: I don't see the extra details. This should be in the form of an edit to the page section headed “List of feature gates”.

Author: Added details below. PTAL.

  (memory only for now).
- `ReadWriteOncePod`: Enables the usage of `ReadWriteOncePod` PersistentVolume
  access mode.
- `RecoverVolumeExpansionFailure`: Enables users to edit their PVCs to smaller sizes so as they can recover from previously issued

>   volume expansion failures. See [enhancement proposal](https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/blob/master/keps/sig-storage/1790-recover-resize-failure/README.md) for more details.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  volume expansion failures. See
  [Recovering from Failure when Expanding Volumes](/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes/#recovering-from-failure-when-expanding-volumes)
  for more details.
```
?
(We prefer to link to docs rather than KEPs)
